Welcome to phpWebSite 1.x
----------------------------

This version is a complete rewrite of phpWebSite. Modules written for
0.10.x will NOT work with this code. Most of the modules written by
Appalachian State have either been rewritten for 1.x or "converted."

The two converted modules are Form Generator and Photo Album. Please
note that both modules still have some the problems of their previous
versions:

1) They both use a lot of memory. You may want to bump up your memory
   requirements in your config/core/config.php file to 16mb
   ini_set('memory_limit', '16M');

2) Both do not function under Postgresql.

Eventually, both modules will be rewritten for 1.x with new features
and better compatibility.


Starting the install
--------------------
If you are not reading this from the distribution, download the latest
tarball from http://phpwebsite.appstate.edu.

Although 1.x is an upgrade to 0.10.x, it is different enough to
require a fresh directory. Do not untar inside or copy the result to
an old 0.10.x directory.


Directory permissions
---------------------
Certain directories need to be writable during installation.

The first three only need to be writable during the installation and
later updates:

config/
templates/
javascript/

After installation and updates, set these directories back to read
only.

The next three may remain writable throughout usage of phpWebSite.

files/
images/
logs/

Files written to the logs/ directory will be readable by root and
apache _only_. If you need to change these permissions, check your
config/core/config.php file after installation. If log permissions are
preventing installation, you can alter the template file used to
create the configuration file. It is located in
setup/templates/config.tpl.

CAUTION: you DO NOT WANT users to be able to read your logs. If you
don't have root access, think about changing the log directory off the
web root. Change the PHPWS_LOG_DIRECTORY definition to do so.


Database setup
--------------
phpWebSite 1.x currently works with Postgresql and MySQL. More
databases will become available should the need arise.

If using MySQL, the phpWebSite setup will allow you to create a new
database. The Postgresql setup will NOT; you will need to create it
beforehand.

Currently, phpWebSite 1.x uses the UTF-8 character standard for
storage and display. If you are using MySQL version prior to 4.1, you
may encounter some problems with accented characters.


Running Setup
-------------
Open your browser and go to:

http://your_site_name.com/setup

where "your_site_name" is the dns name or ip address of your
installation.

phpWebSite will take you through the creation of your config.php file
and the installation into your database. If the installation should
fail at any point, check your logs/error.log file for clues to the
problem. If the installation fails at Step 2, the problem is most
certainly a database problem.

If you are able to fix the problem, you must wipe the database and
start over. If the database was created successfully, drop all the
tables and run setup again. The setup will skip the config.php
creation if previously successful.


Success!
--------
If you are successful, log in to the site, go to the Control Panel,
and click into the Boost module. Click the "Check all" link at the
bottom. Boost informs you which modules have updated versions. If Core
and/or Boost have new versions, you should download them. Afterwards,
get new copies of any other modules you wish to install.

Note: Core is also refered to as "Base" when updating. A core
installation includes the foundation of phpWebSite. It should not be
confused with the "core" directory which contains the class library.

Core modules are installed by default. Other modules are optional.
Click the install link next to each. You may return later to check the
update status of modules.

When finished installing and updating, you should change the write
permissions of your config, templates, and javascript directories to
unwritable.


Problems
--------
Problems with installation are normally related to:

1) memory limits (uncomment and raise this in the
   config/core/config.php file)

2) database problems (check your error.log file),

3) or directory permissions (web server must write to the
   forementioned directories).

phpWebSite is tested extensively on Linux servers running
Apache. Windows servers (especially running IIS) are not tested
in-house. Although Windows installations have been successful,
something may have escaped our attention.

If you have problems, discover a bug, or would like to request a new
feature, please post to Sourceforge:

https://sourceforge.net/projects/phpwebsite/

You can also visit our IRC channel at irc.freenode.net #phpwebsite.
