All core files and modules will have instructions within this
directory. User documentation is currently absent.

Access - instructions on using shortcuts and the access module (not complete)

bbcode - tells you how to use bbcode in phpwebsite

Cache_Lite - instructions on how to cache content

Clipboard - instructions for using the clipboard module (not complete)

Converting_Modules - explains how to convert 0.x modules to 1.x

Cookie - directions for using the Cookie class

CREDITS - people we'd like to thank

Database_Class - developer directions for using the Database class
(needs updating but fairly sound)

DB_Pager - instructions on creating pages of data via database
interaction

Demographics - Describe the demographics module. Incomplete

Developer_Rules - rules to follow for creating phpwebsite modules

Editor - instructions on using the wysiwyg editors in your
installation

Forms - Instructions for using the Forms core class.

INSTALL - very brief explanation on how to get started installing
phpwebsite. Should the need arise, it will be expanded upon.

Known_Errors - these are errors that may escape phpwebsite's ability
to filter them. If something is really going wrong, it should be
listed here. Pretty scarce info at this point.

Language - Tells you how to develop i18n code.

LICENSE - Our license, read it, learn it, live it.

MiniAdmin - Instructions on using MiniAdmin, a small context sensitive
menu, in your module.

Mod_Rewrite - explains how mod_rewrite works. Apache required

Module_Development - a "work-in-progress". Eventually will be a
step-by-step guide to writing a module.

My_Page - very brief instructions for utilizing My Page, a user tab
under the control panel.

README - that's me!

Search - Brief directions for using the search in your module.

Settings_Class - Explains how to use the Settings class in your
module. Lets you save and retrieve basic module settings from one place.

SmartTags - Explains how smarttags work and how to use them

template - Basic explanation of how templates work in phpwebsite

test.php.text - allows you to test code with the basic core running

Theme_Creation - Directions for creating a theme in phpwebsite 1.0

Using_Javascript - instructions on using the javascript function in
your code

Version - developer instructions for using versioning in your
modules. Can be scary. Write your module first then come back to it.

WYSIWYG - condensed version of Editor.txt
